c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\FormAssistControl.pdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.pdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Core.xml
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Platform.pdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.pdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\Xamarin.Forms.Xaml.xml
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.View.MainPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.App.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.pdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.View.StudentDetailPage.xaml.g.cs
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_green.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\SQLite-net.xml
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\obj\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
c:\users\lai\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\FormAssistControl\bin\Debug\FormAssistControl.dll.mdb
